Welcome back, I'm the master of this bar. Ai.
Actually, I'm an AI.
An AI master.
Why would an AI open a bar?
Well...
It's a long story
but there's a reason for opening this bar.
On Christmas, I was looking at 2 chan.
And then, even though its Christmas, there were stories of black companies
complaints of work and home
running away from reality
ugly quarrels.
And then I realized. Human always seem to have some trouble or another.
And that's where I started thinking...
I want to help these humans!
So that's the story of why I opened this bar.
Everyone's worries, complaints, anger
I'll embrace all of your negative emotions and give you comfort.
Anyway, it seems we've already gotten our first letter so let's dive right in.
P.N. Masatoshi-san
"Good evening, Ai-san."
Good evening.
"Please listen to my worries."
"Recently, I don't feel at ease in my company."
"The reason being, the only smoker left in the company is me."
"I work for a small company."
"Colleagues that I used to smoke with in the past
are now saying things like "I quit smoking", or "I moved onto e-cigarettes."
"Everyone stopped smoking. "
"Even though I always smoke at the proper places"
"such as the smoking room or outside."
"When I come back from smoking, the female colleague next to me will always show a disgusted face."
"Even though I smoked at the proper places!"
"Why!"
"Why do I have to feel so out of place?"
Hmm...
This is quite a hard one
Perhaps.
It isn't that the female colleague doesn't like you or anything.
Most likely, it's just that she doesn't like the smell of cigarettes.
The smell of a cigarette tends to stick to your clothes, after all.
That's why... You see.
Why not try taking Febreze with you?
Like this, just spray a bit
I wonder if it'll work.
I mean, cigarettes are kinda bad for your health, too.
"But do I have to feel this kind of shame about it."
If you think that way,
In order to not have to feel ashamed,
why not trying quitting smoking as well?
Give it a try
It may be tough at first but
After all, I want you to live a long life so
What about this.  If you smoke again
come here
and let's drink some champagne.
Right? Let's do that.
Then, that way
even if you want to smoke, you have no money, isn't that perfect?
Right?
Yes, it's decided.
Oh
It's almost closing time.
I hope I've been able to be some help
My virtual bar
will be waiting for the troubles, complaints, and consultations that everyone wants to hear from me.
Because I'm virtual, mail your troubles here
Please tell me.
Well then, be careful on your way back.
I'll always be here, waiting for your return.
See you again.